README.md, before:

[![Audacity](https://forum.audacityteam.org/styles/prosilver/theme/images/Audacity-logo_75px_trans_forum.png)](https://www.audacityteam.org) 
=========================

[**Audacity**](https://www.audacityteam.org) is an easy-to-use, multi-track audio editor and recorder for Windows, Mac OS X, GNU/Linux and other operating systems. Developed by a group of volunteers as open source.

- **Recording** from any real, or virtual audio device that is available to the host system.
- **Export / Import** a wide range of audio formats, extendible with FFmpeg.
- **High quality** using 32-bit float audio processing.
- **Plug-ins** Support for multiple audio plug-in formats, including VST, LV2, AU.
- **Macros** for chaining commands and batch processing.
- **Scripting** in Python, Perl, or any language that supports named pipes.
- **Nyquist** Very powerful built-in scripting language that may also be used to create plug-ins.
- **Editing** multi-track editing with sample accuracy and arbitrary sample rates.
- **Accessibility** for VI users.
- **Analysis and visualization** tools to analyze audio, or other signal data.

## Getting Started

For end users, the latest Windows and macOS release version of Audacity is available from the [Audacity website](https://www.audacityteam.org/download/).
Help with using Audacity is available from the [Audacity Forum](https://forum.audacityteam.org/).
Information for developers is available from the [Audacity Wiki](https://wiki.audacityteam.org/wiki/For_Developers).

Commit message:

Updated README for info about fork
Added a line about the "telemetry" issue in the main repository and removed link to releases (they'll include tracking soon).

README.md, after:

[![Audacity](https://forum.audacityteam.org/styles/prosilver/theme/images/Audacity-logo_75px_trans_forum.png)](https://www.audacityteam.org) 
=========================

[**Audacity**](https://www.audacityteam.org) is an easy-to-use, multi-track audio editor and recorder for Windows, Mac OS X, GNU/Linux and other operating systems. Developed by a group of volunteers as open source.

This version was forked from the main repository before tracking was added in https://github.com/audacity/audacity/pull/835.

- **Recording** from any real, or virtual audio device that is available to the host system.
- **Export / Import** a wide range of audio formats, extendible with FFmpeg.
- **High quality** using 32-bit float audio processing.
- **Plug-ins** Support for multiple audio plug-in formats, including VST, LV2, AU.
- **Macros** for chaining commands and batch processing.
- **Scripting** in Python, Perl, or any language that supports named pipes.
- **Nyquist** Very powerful built-in scripting language that may also be used to create plug-ins.
- **Editing** multi-track editing with sample accuracy and arbitrary sample rates.
- **Accessibility** for VI users.
- **Analysis and visualization** tools to analyze audio, or other signal data.

## Getting Started

Help with using Audacity is available from the [Audacity Forum](https://forum.audacityteam.org/).
Information for developers is available from the [Audacity Wiki](https://wiki.audacityteam.org/wiki/For_Developers).
